# companion-module-kissbox-udp
See HELP.md and LICENSE

The Kiss-Box is an embedded networked computer. It uses the Ethernet network to exchange data with other computers, which can be other Kiss-Boxes or an another PC compatible computer, Mac computers, etc… Compared to other solutions, Ethernet has many advantages: ● Available on most computer platforms (Windows, Mac OS, Linux, etc…) ● No specific driver needed in most cases ● No limit in network length and node connections ● Very high bandwidth ● Peer to peer capability The Kiss-Box is built around a powerful RISC processor. Thanks to its specific network coprocessor, the Kiss-Box handles most network tasks with only a small  overhead for the main processor. This permits the Kiss-Box to have incredible performances: for example, the RTP-MIDI firmware has a latency of less than 800 microseconds.(worst case scenario).. That means that a MIDI message that comes from the network is sent to the MIDI connector in less than 800 microseconds (a PC or Mac takes typically between 2 and 4 milliseconds for the same job). The same processor board is used in all available Kiss-Boxes. The difference between the various models is the type of extension board: ● Dual MIDI ● DMX/ArtNet ● I/O 3 or 8 slots ● LTC/MTC ● etc… Of course, the processor runs a different firmware for each of these extension boards. The firmware is updated very simply and quickly directly from the editor via the network - that remains in the Box memory, whatever the firmware used. Another feature of the Kiss-Box range is the P.O.E. standard compliance (P.O.E. stands for Power Over Ethernet). This standard allows using spare conductors or data conductors in network cable to carry the required power supply for an end device. Kiss-Boxes are installed and configured using the Editor software. This tool is also used to monitor the status of a Kiss-Box, even if the box is being controlled by other software, running on a different machine. 